Python Task 4: Getting Started with Banking System with FileSystem

Your task is to create a basic banking system that stores data using the Python File System. 

    Create a file in your project called staff.txt
    Create a file in your project called customer.txt
    The staff.txt should contain 2 staff details
    The staff details should be the following:
        Username
        Password
        Email
        Full Name
    the customer.txt should be empty

Implement the following:

On run, the program should present the following options:

1 Staff Login

2 Close App

If the user selects Login, the user should be asked for their username and password, the program should check the pre-defined staff in a file called staff.txt and verify that the username and password are correct. If incorrect, user should see an error message and told to try again. 

After user login is successful, a new file should be created to store the user session.

After login, staff should be presented with the following options: 

1 Create new bank account

2 Check Account Details

3 Logout

If staff selects Create bank account, 

staff should be made to supply the following

Account name

Opening Balance

Account Type

Account email

The details above should be saved in the customer.txt file, before saving, generate a 10 digits account number for the customer.

After staff completes creating the account, they should see the account number, and then presented with the options in (4) above.

If Staff selects check account details from (4) above, the program should request for account number

The program should fetch the details of the account from the customer.txt file and display it to the staff, then present back the options in (4) above.

If staff selects logout in (4) above, delete the user session file and return the user back to the staff login page.

 

And finally, if staff selects Close App, the program should terminate.

 

This task is worth 5 points.

Submission

    Create a new repo
    Repo name MUST be snbank
    Add a readme file to the repo
    Your readme file should outline the features of the code
    Push your code to the repo
    Submit the repo URL on HNG Board.

Deadline: 09/05/2020 12:00 AM